“There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.”  – Edith Wharton
“You do not find the happy life. You make it.” – Camilla Eyring Kimball
“The most wasted of days is one without laughter.” – E.E. Cummings
“Stay close to anything that makes you glad you are alive.” – Hafez
“Make each day your masterpiece.” – John Wooden
“Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn’t know you left open.” – John Barrymore
“Happiness is not by chance, but by choice.” – Jim Rohn
“Life changes very quickly, in a very positive way, if you let it.” – Lindsey Vonn
“Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.” – Helen Keller
“Impossible is for the unwilling.” – John Keats
“No pressure, no diamonds.” – Thomas Carlyle
“Believe you can and you’re halfway there.” – Theodore Roosevelt
“Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.” – Truman Capote
“It is never too late to be what you might have been.” – George Eliot
“When you have a dream, you’ve got to grab it and never let go.” – Carol Burnett
“You must be the change you wish to see in the world.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“Stay foolish to stay sane.” – Maxime Lagacé
“Stay hungry. Stay foolish.” – Steve Jobs
“Whatever you are, be a good one.” – Abraham Lincoln 
“You must do the things you think you cannot do.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“Wherever you go, go with all your heart.” – Confucius
“Be faithful to that which exists within yourself.” – André Gide
“Dream big and dare to fail.” – Norman Vaughan
“My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive.” – Maya Angelou
“You are enough just as you are.” – Meghan Markle
“To be the best, you must be able to handle the worst.” – Wilson Kanadi
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” – Albert Einstein
“Every moment is a fresh beginning.” – T.S. Eliot 
“No guts, no story.” – Chris Brady
“Keep going. Be all in.” – Bryan Hutchinson
“Leave no stone unturned.” – Euripides
“Nothing is impossible. The word itself says “I’m possible!” – Audrey Hepburn
“It isn’t where you came from. It’s where you’re going that counts.” – Ella Fitzgerald
“If it matters to you, you’ll find a way.” – Charlie Gilkey
“Tough times never last, but tough people do.” – Dr. Robert Schuller
“Turn your wounds into wisdom.” – Oprah Winfrey 
“The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.” – Lao Tzu
“If you’re going through hell, keep going.” – Winston Churchill
“Don’t wait, the time will never be just right.” – Napoleon Hill
“If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way.” – Martin Luther King Jr. 
“Life is fragile. We’re not guaranteed a tomorrow so give it everything you’ve got.” – Tim Cook
“The bad news is time flies. The good news is you’re the pilot.” – Michael Altshuler
“Try to be a rainbow in someone’s cloud.” – Maya Angelou
“Some people look for a beautiful place. Others make a place beautiful.” – Hazrat Inayat Khan
“Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.” – Isaac Asimov
“I’m starting to think this world is just a place for us to learn that we need each other more than we want to admit.” – Richelle E. Goodrich
“We have a responsibility to help those around us and help others in need.” – Virginia Williams
“No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of others.” – Charles Dickens (see more Charles Dickens quotes)
“No one has ever become poor by giving.” – Anne Frank
“Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.” – Samuel Beckett
“The only thing that can grow is the thing you give energy to.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Good things happen to those who hustle.” – Anaïs Nin
“No greater gift there is, than a generous heart.” – Yoda
“Solitary trees, if they grow at all, grow strong.” – Winston Churchill
“You can if you think you can.” – George Reeves
“Worrying is like paying a debt you don’t owe.” – Mark Twain
“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.” – Oscar Wilde
“You never fail until you stop trying.” – Albert Einstein
“Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.” – Robert Louis Stevenson
“In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.” – Albert Einstein
“If you don’t like the road you’re walking, start paving another one.” – Dolly Parton
“Persistence guarantees that results are inevitable.” – Paramahansa Yogananda
“Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.” –George Bernard Shaw
“I’d rather be optimistic and a fool, than pessimistic and right.” –Author unknown
“Life is as easy or as hard as you think it is.”– Jonathan Lockwood Huie
“Live your dreams.” – Les Brown